Here are the instructions to set up the web app:

Step 1: I used Visual Studio Code as my code editor for this project. First, download and install VS Code. To do this, type 'Visual Studio Code' into your web browser and enter the web site 'code.visualstudio.com'. Then, click 'Download' to download VS Code.

Step 2: Now, import the project files into VS Code. Open the VS Code and make sure that the explorer section is open on the left side. Then, find the folder which contains project files in the computer directory. Next, drag and drop this folder into the space on the left side of the VS Code to open it there. You should be able to view the folder and all the files inside it. Alternatively, 

Step 3: Then, check if Node.js is available in your computer. This can be done by typing 'node -v' command into the terminal. If the terminal does not appear below, click on the 'Terminal' section in the upper left corner and click 'New Terminal'. If Node.js exists in your computer with the latest version, proceed to next step, otherwise download Node.js by going to 'nodejs.org' in your web browser and clicking on the left green button which downloads the most stable version of Node.js recommended for most users.

Step 4: Now, install git bash and set it in the terminal. Type 'git bash' to your web browser. Click 'Git - Downloads' link and download Git there. When the installation is complete, open VS Code. Then, make sure that the terminal is open. Next, click 'v' icon next to '+' icon at the top right side of the terminal. Hover over 'Split Terminal' option and select 'Git bash'. This will split the terminal and open a new git bash terminal. After that, delete the other terminal by hovering over it on the right side and clicking the trash bin icon. Once the other terminal is terminated, the newly opened git bash terminal will cover the entire terminal and can now be used.  

Step 5: Next, install the packages required for this project. Right click on the 'App Backend' folder in VS Code and select 'Open in Integrated Terminal' option. This should open a new terminal with a path to this folder. Then, open this terminal in git bash as explained in step 4. Next, type 'npm init -y' command into the terminal. This should create a package.json file in the 'App Backend' folder. Then, type 'npm install express' command to install express. This should also create a package-lock.json file. After that, type 'npm install mysql2' command to install mysql2, type 'npm install dotenv' command to install dotenv and type 'npm install cors' command to install cors. Finally, nodemon needs to be installed globally or locally. To install nodemon globally, type 'npm install -g nodemon' command. To install nodemon locally, type 'npm install nodemon --save-dev' command. After installing all the packages, a 'node_modules' folder should be created. If this folder is not created, open up the project folder in the computer directory. Then, drag and drop the 'node_modules' folder into the 'App Backend' folder opened in VS Code.

Step 6: Next, install MySQL. To do this, go to 'mysql.com' on your web browser and click Downloads section. Scroll down the page and click the MySQL Community Downloads link. Then, click MySQL installer below. There will be two download buttons. Click the one on the top to start dowmloading MySQL. During installation, you will set a password to access database. Write down this password since it will be needed later. Keep the user name default as root. After the installation is finished, proceed to next step.

Step 7: Now, import the databaseStatements.sql file to MySQL and create the database. For this, open the MySQL Workbench. click on an existing connection and enter the password which is set during installation of MySQL to open it. Then, click on open SQL file icon which is second from left below the 'edit' button in the top left corner. Select the databaseStatements.sql file and open it. All the sql statements required to create the database should appear on the Workbench. Execute each statement individually. To do this, select a statement by holding the left mouse button until a semicolon is selected and release it. Then, click on 'Execute the statement under the cursor' button which is the fourth icon from left below the SQL tab. This will execute the selected statement. Perform this on all statements separately and then, the database will be ready.

Step 8: Next, put the information about database into .env variables to establish a connection with the database. Open the .env file in the VS Code. In the file, write localhost to Host variable and write root to User variable. Write web-app-db to DatabaseName variable. To Password variable, enter the password which is set during installation of MySQL. In DatabasePort variable, write the port number which can be found in the connection section next to host name, which is localhost, when MySQL Workbench opens(the default is 3306 but it may differ).

Step 9: The server needs to be updated. In VS Code, Make sure that terminal has the path to 'App Backend' folder in the project. Then, type 'nodemon BackendServer.js' command to the terminal. This should start the server. If this does not work, type 'npx nodemon BackendServer.js' command into the terminal to use nodemon. Then, close the VS Code and open it. Now, type 'nodemon BackendServer.js' or 'npx nodemon BackendServer.js' command again to make sure that the server has been updated. After that, test if the server has connected to the database. Open the 'App Frontend' folder and right click on AppFrontEnd.html file. Select 'Copy Path' option. Open a browser and paste the file path into the bar at the top of the web browser. Then, press enter to open the web page. Next, Open a step section in the page and try to add a new note into the page by scrollling down to Notes section and clicking 'Add Note' button. If this does not work, close the web page and return to VS Code. Type 'rs' into the terminal to restart server with nodemon. Then, open the web page again and test if the web page works now. This should be enough to set up the server. If the web page still does not work, clear the terminal or terminate the existing one and open a new terminal. Then, repeat this step until the web page works.

After following all these steps, the web app should work. You can open the app in a browser as explained in step 9 and use it.
